README.md, before:

# Magic Docs

Magic Docs by Once UI is a simple, modern, MDX-based documentation system built with Next.js. It automatically generates navigation based on the MDX files in the content directory. It comes with a built-in roadmap and changelog.

View the demo [here](https://docs.once-ui.com).

![Magic Docs](public/images/cover.jpg)

## Getting started

**1. Clone the repository**
```
git clone https://github.com/once-ui-system/magic-docs.git
```

**2. Install dependencies**
```
npm install
```

**3. Run dev server**
```
npm run dev
```

**4. Edit config**
```
src/resources/once-ui.config.js
```

**5. Create documentation pages**
```
Add new .mdx files to src/content/
```

Read the full documentation [here](https://docs.once-ui.com/magic-docs/quick-start).

## Features

### Once UI
- All tokens, components & features of [Once UI](https://once-ui.com) available through NPM

### SEO
- Automatic open-graph and X image generation with next/og
- Automatic schema and metadata generation based on the content file

### Pages
- Roadmap: when enabled, task progress is displayed in the homepage
- Changelog: when enabled, last changes are displayed in the homepage

### Design
- Responsive layout optimized for all screen sizes
- Timeless design without heavy animations and motion
- Endless customization options through [Once UI](https://docs.once-ui.com/once-ui/contexts/themeProvider)
- Light and dark mode support with system preference detection

### Navigation
- Organized documentation structure with nested categories
- Searchable content with command palette (Cmd+K / Ctrl+K)
- Automatically generated, responsive sidebar

Magic Docs was built with [Once UI](https://once-ui.com) for [Next.js](https://nextjs.org). It requires Node.js v18.17+.

## Creators

Lorant One: [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@lorant.one) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lorant-one/)

## Get involved

- Join the Design Engineers Club on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/5EyAQ4eNdS) and share your project with us!
- Deployed your docs? Share it on the [Once UI Hub](https://once-ui.com/hub) too! We feature our favorite apps on our landing page.

## Magic Docs

This project is built with [Magic Docs](https://once-ui.com/products/magic-docs). Build your own documentation with Magic Docs for free!

## License

Distributed under the CC BY-NC 4.0 License.
- Attribution is required.
- Commercial usage is not allowed.
- You can extend the license to [Dopler CC](https://dopler.app/license) by purchasing a [Once UI Pro](https://once-ui.com/pricing) license.

See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

## Deploy with Vercel
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-docs&project-name=magic-docs&repository-name=magic-docs&redirect-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-docs&demo-title=Magic%20Docs&demo-description=Showcase%20your%20designers%20or%20developer%20portfolio&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.magic-docs.com&demo-image=%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-docs%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fcover.jpg)

Commit message:

Rebrand from Magic Docs to Sapphive Docs for SEO

README.md, after:

# Sapphive Docs

Sapphive Docs is a simple, modern, MDX-based documentation system built with Next.js. It automatically generates navigation based on the MDX files in the content directory. It comes with a built-in roadmap and changelog.

View the demo [here](https://docs.once-ui.com).

![Sapphive Docs](public/images/cover.jpg)

## Getting started

**1. Clone the repository**
```
git clone https://github.com/once-ui-system/magic-docs.git
```

**2. Install dependencies**
```
npm install
```

**3. Run dev server**
```
npm run dev
```

**4. Edit config**
```
src/resources/once-ui.config.js
```

**5. Create documentation pages**
```
Add new .mdx files to src/content/
```

Read the full documentation [here](https://docs.once-ui.com/magic-docs/quick-start).

## Features

### Once UI
- All tokens, components & features of [Once UI](https://once-ui.com) available through NPM

### SEO
- Automatic open-graph and X image generation with next/og
- Automatic schema and metadata generation based on the content file

### Pages
- Roadmap: when enabled, task progress is displayed in the homepage
- Changelog: when enabled, last changes are displayed in the homepage

### Design
- Responsive layout optimized for all screen sizes
- Timeless design without heavy animations and motion
- Endless customization options through [Once UI](https://docs.once-ui.com/once-ui/contexts/themeProvider)
- Light and dark mode support with system preference detection

### Navigation
- Organized documentation structure with nested categories
- Searchable content with command palette (Cmd+K / Ctrl+K)
- Automatically generated, responsive sidebar

Sapphive Docs was built with [Once UI](https://once-ui.com) for [Next.js](https://nextjs.org). It requires Node.js v18.17+.

## Creators

Lorant One: [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@lorant.one) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lorant-one/)

## Get involved

- Join the Design Engineers Club on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/5EyAQ4eNdS) and share your project with us!
- Deployed your docs? Share it on the [Once UI Hub](https://once-ui.com/hub) too! We feature our favorite apps on our landing page.

## Sapphive Docs

This documentation is powered by Sapphive. Visit [Sapphive](https://sapphive.com) for more WHMCS modules and solutions!

## License

Distributed under the CC BY-NC 4.0 License.
- Attribution is required.
- Commercial usage is not allowed.
- You can extend the license to [Dopler CC](https://dopler.app/license) by purchasing a [Once UI Pro](https://once-ui.com/pricing) license.

See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

## Deploy with Vercel
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-docs&project-name=magic-docs&repository-name=magic-docs&redirect-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-docs&demo-title=Magic%20Docs&demo-description=Showcase%20your%20designers%20or%20developer%20portfolio&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.magic-docs.com&demo-image=%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-docs%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fcover.jpg)
